SSR (#75)
Tipser/docs: source/includes/_advanced-usage.md

```

On the client side, use `window.TIPSER_STATE` as the initial State `SsrTipserElementsProvider`:

```typescript
<TipserElementsProvider posId={POS_ID}>
    <SsrTipserElementsProvider initialState={window.TIPSER_STATE}>
        <App/>
    </SsrTipserElementsProvider>
</TipserElementsProvider>
```

That's all! The complete example is available [here](https://github.com/Tipser/tipser-elements-ssr-bootstrap).

### Smart method
In the smart version, the `ComponentsStateSsrManager` class should be used to build the state. For this purpose, you should create an instance of this class, which cannot be global, i.e. a new instance should be created for each request:

```typescript
const componentsStateSsrManager = new ComponentsStateSsrManager(POS_ID);
```

Then perform the first rendering that will collect information about the components on the page:

```typescript
const componentsStateSsrManager = new ComponentsStateSsrManager(POS_ID, 'prod')

const toRender = (
    <TipserElementsProvider posId={POS_ID}>
        <SsrTipserElementsProvider componentsStateManager={componentsStateSsrManager}>
            <App/>
        </SsrTipserElementsProvider>
    </TipserElementsProvider>
);

> renderToString(toRender);

Reviewer: I would put a comment here what is the purpose of this `renderToString()`. It was totally unclear for koket.se when we were discussing this code with them.

```

Next, use the `buildState` method available on the components instance of `StateSsrManager`, which, similarly to i, returns a promise:

```typescript
const componentsStateSsrManager = new ComponentsStateSsrManager(POS_ID)

const toRender = (
    <TipserElementsProvider posId={POS_ID}>
        <SsrTipserElementsProvider componentsStateManager={componentsStateSsrManager}>
            <App/>
        </SsrTipserElementsProvider>
    </TipserElementsProvider>
);

renderToString(toRender);

componentsStateSsrManager.buildState().then(() => {
    const markup = renderToString(toRender);
    ...
});
```

> In this case, you no longer need to manually pass the state to the `SsrTipserElementsProvider`, it is done automatically. The last step is to transfer the state to the browser in a similar way as it was done in the basic version, but this time the state should be extracted from c`omponentsStateSsrManager` using the `getState` method:

Reviewer: c`omponentsStateSsrManager` -> `componentsStateSsrManager`

- sending the same state to the browser and passing it back to the `SsrTipserElementsProvider` on the client side.

### Basic method
In the basic method, you should use the `StateBuilder` class to build the state. Start with creating its instances (which can be global):

```typescript
import { StateBuilder } from '@tipser/tipser-elements';

const stateBuilder = new StateBuilder(POS_ID);
```

Then, while handling a specific request, use the `stateBuilder.buildState` method, passing an object containing information about which elements are placed on the website, i.e. what products (PRODUCT_IDS), collections (COLLECTION_IDS) and whether there is the shop component (IS_SHOP_ON_PAGE).

```typescript
stateBuilder.buildState({
    productIds: PRODUCT_IDS,
    collectionIds: COLLECTION_IDS,
    shouldFetchStore: IS_SHOP_ON_PAGE,
})
```

This method returns a promise in which the ready state will be available, which should then be passed to `SsrTipserElementsProvider`:

```typescript
stateBuilder.buildState({
    productIds: dataToFetch.productIds,
    collectionIds: dataToFetch.collectionIds,
    shouldFetchStore: dataToFetch.shouldFetchStore
}).then((initialState) => {

>     const markup = renderToString(

Reviewer 2: why do we need `const markup` here ? 

I guess to emphasize that `renderToString` returns something that needs to be consumed later...

        <TipserElementsProvider posId={POS_ID}>
            <SsrTipserElementsProvider initialState={initialState}>
                <App/>
            </SsrTipserElementsProvider>
        </TipserElementsProvider>
    );
    ...
 });
```

> The status should then be transferred to the browser. For this purpose, it can be assigned to the global window object and placed in the returned html document:

Reviewer 2: ~The status~ The state,

 but we could call it also `initialState` so its clear about what exactly value are we talking about.

```html
<script>window.TIPSER_STATE = ${JSON.stringify(initialState)}</script>
```

> On the client side, use `window.TIPSER_STATE` as the initial State `SsrTipserElementsProvider`:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the client side, use `window.TIPSER_STATE` as the `initialState` of `SsrTipserElementsProvider`:
```

```typescript
<TipserElementsProvider posId={POS_ID}>
    <SsrTipserElementsProvider initialState={window.TIPSER_STATE}>
        <App/>
    </SsrTipserElementsProvider>
</TipserElementsProvider>
```

That's all! The complete example is available [here](https://github.com/Tipser/tipser-elements-ssr-bootstrap).

### Smart method
In the smart version, the `ComponentsStateSsrManager` class should be used to build the state. For this purpose, you should create an instance of this class, which cannot be global, i.e. a new instance should be created for each request:

```typescript
const componentsStateSsrManager = new ComponentsStateSsrManager(POS_ID);
```

Then perform the first rendering that will collect information about the components on the page:

```typescript
const componentsStateSsrManager = new ComponentsStateSsrManager(POS_ID, 'prod')

const toRender = (
    <TipserElementsProvider posId={POS_ID}>
        <SsrTipserElementsProvider componentsStateManager={componentsStateSsrManager}>
            <App/>
        </SsrTipserElementsProvider>
    </TipserElementsProvider>
);
//first render
renderToString(toRender);
```

> Next, use the `buildState` method available on the components instance of `StateSsrManager`, which, similarly to i, returns a promise:

Reviewer 3: similarly to `i`?
